# How-to-Attack-a-Disconneted-Computer

CITATION
@article{ghannoum2020attack,
  title={How to Attack a Disconnected Computer},
  author={Ghannoum, Ehab Ahmad and Ayesh, Malek Ahmad and Malluhi, Qutaibah and others},
  year={2020},
  publisher={Qatar University Press}
}

This project presents how a disconnected computer, that has no network access, can be attacked to retrieve data. Air-gapped devices are thought to be an impenetrable setup because the device is disconnected from the network and cannot be reached by an attacker. Therefore, an infected air-gapped computer cannot affect others around it, preventing any potential information leaks. People believe/assume that leaking information from an air-gapped machine is impossible. This project invalidates this assumption by utilizing covert channels to get data from victims’ machines. The project employs a hidden acoustic channel that takes advantage of the computer speakers to communicate sensitive data, in an inaudible near-ultrasonic form, to a small microphone. This method is proven to work successfully, as this will be shown in sections below. Hacking methods and the search for new system exploits are being continuously developed, and new techniques to obtain data unlawfully are on the rise. This project aims to alert organizations regarding potential threats that they typically ignore by assuming that air-gapped systems are safe. Currently security researchers are not investing sufficient time and effort in innovating solutions for such niche but capable attacks. Spreading awareness is a main objective of this project, by demonstrating that data can be stolen from an ‘air-gapped’ computer. A demonstration of this attack will hopefully push security field researchers and developers into exploring this uncommon method of unlawful data acquisition and its prevention. This system differs from others in many ways. It uses an uncommon frequency range, near ultrasonic, to transmit data. This gives the system a huge advantage over others that use an audible and radio frequency ranges. The simplicity of the microcontroller lessens the chance of it being detected in realistic operational environments. This is because the reading device can take many forms and can easily be concealed due to its size.
